how many of you signed up for Disney
Plus Disney Plus is a new streaming
service that finally answers the
question what if there was even more
stuff to watch and it's been a big hit
largely because it's the only place you
can see the new Star Wars spin-off the
mandalorian and the big breakout star of
that series is baby Yoda Wow well I
think might be able to unite the country
like anytime any time you're in an
argument with like a friend or relative
about politics all you have to do just
hold up this picture of baby Yoda and
it'll be over immediately baby Yoda is
gonna finally bring us together
maybe baby Yoda could be President of
the United States you know actually
sorry sorry excuse excuse me Jimmy
that's uh that's not baby Yoda what do
you mean it's look it yeah it's clearly
baby Yoda did you see the picture I saw
the picture but it's not a picture of
baby Yoda okay look the events of the
mandalorian take place five years after
the fall of the empire which means it
comes after Return of the Jedi
okay well as we all know Yoda died in
Return of the Jedi and only returned
later as a force ghost okay well I'm
sorry if I misspoke no you didn't
misspeak you were wrong okay look this
isn't baby Yoda this is a baby of Yoda's
species the name of which is still
unknown
okay thank you very much whatever not
whatever that baby was fifty years old
Yoda was nine hundred when he died I
mean hello okay I think we've got it I
think it's very sure that you do got it
okay now look yes okay yes it's possible
that this could be a clone of Yoda but
even then it wouldn't be baby Yoda it
would be Yoda 2.0 I mean how stupid do
you have to be not to get that are you
finished now
not sure uncertain the future is okay
look you can't silence me all right Han
shot first
you can't silence the beds
[Applause]
what I'm trying to say is this this baby
Yoda is really cute hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
and this is the Internet I made it
myself
hit subscribe if you like it